
unedited = 
"
In fact Destiny even agrees taht such rioting and political violence is part of the democratic process akin 
to voting he says. 
He said this to justify the George Floyd or blm riots that such riots were just one side of the democrat coin 
and baked into our democrat process, the tails end at just the other half of democracy he says. 
Of course, he later denied this, please play clip two. 

-- Destiny and what he says in clip 2 I omit for now. 

Andrew : Whoof, so why the radical change of heart in this topic from Destiny? This complete 180? Well that's simple. 
He hates Domanld Trump. A simple motivation but at least understandable. 
He also hates Trump supporters. In order for him to justify that he wants them all to be unalived he needs 
to brand them all as traitors and insurrectionists.  In this way he can build a case that Trump supporters are evil, and 
so it is justified to use violence against them. To recap that, Trump supporters are evil therefore anything 
which happens to them is fine. 
Going so far to say his friend Pisco, his Jewish friend Pisco, the only reason he wouldn't of liked Trump to have been 
unalived by this would be assasin is because it would motivate Republicans, this of course gives us an entailment 
that if it wouldn't motivate Trump supporters he would be fine with Trump having met his demise in thi sassassination attempt, 
and this is th elast clip , play clip three please. 
-- Plays clip three of Destiny. 

-- Andrew seems to give what he would believe Destiny needs to do to Argue for his position
-- This is a very important clear part of what he believes needs to be proven or else everything he said is null or 
-- not a defeater IF Destiny can do this. 
Andrew : 
Ultimately destiny , needs to be able to provide us with what an insurrection actually  
is an actual working legal definition or even a personal one so we can work off of that to understand the mindset 
of a person who claims this was an insurrection even as nobody ultimately is prosecuted for an insurrection. 
He to date, hasn’t done this , for the same reason the Supreme Court and the higher courts won’t. 
If they do define it strictly and and categorize it strictly then it’s likely democrats 
and even republicans are engaging in them all the time,  non stop in fact .
I am in fact willing to in the ultimate spirit of good faith concede that if 
destiny just can’t really define an insurrection or tell us what 
goes into that category and not into the category of a riot , that he really has no
 business calling anybody an insurrectionist especially 
when nobody has been charged with an insurrection in regards to j6, nobody ,and certainly not convicted .
I will concede however if he concedes democrats are likely involved in insurrections all the time using violence for political change,   
I’ll concede republicans may be as well if his definition is that broad , 
however that will eliminate his moral high ground for the justification of , 
“do what you want to them because they’re traitors” that would also make YOU a traitor. 
Note in that video that the entire audience said yes we would have preferred if trump was killed in that assassination attempt. 

ANDREW's DEFEATER FROM ANDREW's PERSPECTIVE 
Premise 1) Destiny provides me with what an insurrection ACTUALLY is. 
ANDREWS DEFEATER: ARGUMENT 1 from Andrew's perspective. 
Premise 2) Destiny provides me with a working legal definition or provides me with a personal one. 
Premise 3) Destiny can give us a reason why nobody has ultimatley been prosecuted for an insurrection despite him claiming it is. 
Conclusion) The audience and I can understand the mindset of why somoene would call it an insurrection
~ Argument 1 exists because 
IF premise 1 and premise 2 is true then 
(Premise 1  & Premise 2) ->  Democrats and Republicans would be engaging in insurrections all the time. 
If ~ (P1 & P2)  & (nobody has been charged) -> Destiny has no business calling anybody an insurrectionist 
-- it is not clear if Andrew is willing to accept that P1 & P2 are sufficient if true for Andrew believing that 
Destiny is able to call people insurrectionists. 
It seems like it is unclear to him if Someone has to be charged or convicted of insurrection in order for him to believe 
That Destiny is logically justified for calling people insurerctionists or events insurrections. 
P = Destiny says Democrats are likely involved in insurrections all the time 
Q = Republicans may be as well if his definition is that broad. 
P -> Q 
HOWEVER 
if (P , P -> Q) then 
M = Destiny cannot justify his lack of sympathy for MAGA people who die or "do what you want to them because they're traitors." 



