Andrew Wilson's words word by word unedited.
I enclosed two sentences with [ ] that are what I believe not known to be part of his argument. 
And I enclosed premises with this symbol { } 
And I enclosed conclusions with this symbol ( )
-- Start
"
{An idea of an insurrection itself, it isn't exactly clear what the meaning of it is.}
It does always seem to be tied together with violence, or some will to overthrow a government,
law, government system, government itself, or resistance to that law or something akin to this.
{The supreme court hasn't given us any guidance on this } as they wash their hands of it
and to date, {not a single person has been charged or convicted of insurrection who participated in any of the J6 rioting.} 
{This includes Donald Trump himself who was acquitted of inciting insurrection.}
You would think with no clear guidance of what an insurrection is, a lack of anybody being prosecuted,
or supposed insurrection who participated (this sentence was not well understood the previous one), {and a president acquitted of inciting one}, (that that would be that).
(The events of january 6 were a protest that turned into a riot, this is nothing new).
[Democrats do it, all the time.]
[In fact, Destiny in 2021 completley agreed with my current assesment.]
"
-- End
Andrew then tells Myron to play clip 1. 
My translation that builds a more formalized argument which is a set of premises and a conclusion.
However, this is still considered natural language.

-- Start
Premise 1) The idea of an insurrection itself's meaning is not exactly clear.
Premise 2) The Supreme court is not helping us define it .
Premise 3) Not a single person has been charged or convicted of an insurrection who participated in any of the j6 rioting.
Premise 4) There is a president acquitted of inciting insurrection and that president is Donald Trump.
Conclusion ) That would be that and the events of January 6 were a protest that turned into a riot, this is nothing new.
-- End

These sentences at the end of the unedited quote I think add even more to strengthen his argument somehow but its not clear how they would interact. 

Democrats do it, all the time.
In fact, destiny in 2021 completley agreed with my current assesment. 
